Come, come, come in, hahaha, come.
You see, this is your favorite place to play when you and that kid were kids
That kid also said that he wants to marry you when he grows up
He doesn't even recognize you now
Who is he?
Then you will know
You see, you two used to sit there and play when you were little. Look
Boy, you gotta take care of me
It's with us now.
If you want to save him
Just bring 100 million
What do you mean?
I think you must have a lot of regrets that you forgot.
I'll give it to you then.
You are really hazy
Who is it?
I will also send you the address where you are.
I think this must be the person you are most familiar with
Sir, your mother was discharged from the hospital in a car accident
What? My mother was in an accident.
Ok, I'll be right over.
Brother Liu, something happened to you
Mingchuan, let me accompany you to the hospital
I think there must be a lot of doubts in my heart
I'll give you the antidote one by one.
Who are you really Mengmeng?
No need to wait for news at home.
Are you finished?
Didn't I ask you to find Qin Shiyu?
Daughter, if you don't give me 5 million
We can let Qi Tianchuan know the truth today